c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API.pdb
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\obj\Debug\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\obj\Debug\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API.dll
c:\users\saumya\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.ConsoleTest\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API\obj\Debug\Learn.WebAPIAndUnitTests.API.pdb
